This file contains all the stats that make up a general ship. These stats are to be loaded into a data structure at ship creation, the stats themselves will be set to values
by another file. The other file will be a template for the different classes of ships.


        Ship Name
		
		This is the name the player has given to this particular vessel.


        Ship Class

		This is the size category of the ship. Possible classes include
		
		Fighter
		Shuttle
		Frigate
		Cruiser
		Capital
		
		
		Total Mass

		This is calculated by combining the mass of all the rooms and systems with the structural mass of the ship.

		
        Structure Mass

		This is the mass of all the structural elements of the ship.


        MaxTotal Hit Points

		This is the overall maximum hitpoint level of the ship.


        Current Total Hit Points

		The running total of hitpoints at any given point in the game.


        Operational Hit Point Threshold

		This is the level to which the current total hitpoints need to fall to render the ship "dead in the water".


        Max Structure Hit Points

		This is the maximum number of hitpoints derived from the structure of the ship.


        Current Structure Hit Points
        
		A running total of the structure hit points.


		Rooms

		The number of rooms the ship has. Determined by the class of the ship.


        Total Hit Points Structural Integrity Threshold

		The level of damage required to cause the physical collapse of the ship. At which point the only thing left to do for the crew is to escape.


        Exterior Structure Compromised

		The level of damage required to breach the structure of the ship and expose the interior to space.


        Destroyed

		The damage threshold at which the ship is utterly destroyed killing everyone on board.

		
        Space Ship Power Overhead
        
		The amount of power required to run the ship at full capacity. Calculated by combining the power consumption of all the systems in the ship.
		
		
